beautiful maybe with daddy you will stay
and if he humane tries to harm you
I'll simply said because your daddy's
girl ever since she was born I've wanted
to protect my little rules
so I created a place where all monsters
could be safe dad everyone here is
ancient 118 years old don't give me the
pouty bad face this is Hotel
Transylvania all of our monster friends
are right here The Mummy wave oh yeah
it's a mess back there and your uncle
friends dropping into housekeeping
hello human how did you find this place
I just mountain climbing with some dudes
and heard this story about an awesome
castle speaking of awesome that Cape
thing is killing it look at these cool
costumes check it out on the Frank and
homie what's your name my name is Connor
you're in the time I'm a grown man
seriously dad coming with us
I'm steve-o why does that hurt me I
think your dad's really starting to like
me
Hotel Transylvania
now go and never return
we never return to the hotel I just used
my powers to erase your memory I looked
straight into your eyes oh maybe it's
the contact lens ey here let me just try
and get him out real quick oh that is
the most disgusting thing I've ever seen
you almost got it